Add toggles and figures (#16)
subspace/protocol-specs: docs/consensus/proof_of_space.md

    6. Map the match pair entries `(left_entry, right_entry)` positions back from the bucket to their respective positions in the previous table, `left_position` and `right_position`.
    7. Push to the current table an entry `(ys, metadata, positions) = (y, c, {left_position, right_position})`
    8. Sort the current table by `y` value.

        <Collapsible title="Note">
        chiapos and spaceframe use k-way merge to deal with the fact that table might be too large to store in memory. Since we don’t have this problem we could use a faster algorithm.
        </Collapsible>
            

The resulting `pos_tables` is a vector containing the 7 tables in order.

> ![Steps 3.b and 3.c in Generate. Numbers and matching function $M$ are solely illustrative. Since the `entry.y` is sorted, Chia does this sequentially on portions of the table as their tables don’t fit in memory.  Notice that 235 and 380 appear in multiple matches, while some numbers don’t have a match.](/img/Proof_of_space_plotting.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Steps 4.ii-iv in generate function definition. Numbers and matching function $M$ are solely illustrative. Since the `entry.y` is sorted, Chia does this sequentially on portions of the table as their tables don’t fit in memory.  Notice that 235 and 380 appear in multiple matches, while some numbers don’t have a match.](/img/Proof_of_space_plotting.png)
```
